
IARC age rating questionaire
	1. Choose one: Game, Social or Communication, All Other app types
		a. Games? Yes no on the following:
			i. Violoence, Blood, or Gory Images
			ii. Fear
			iii. Sexuality, suggestiveness, or Dating Games
			iv. Gaming themes, simulated or real gambling
			v. language
			vi. controlled substance
			vii. crude humor
			viii. digital purchases, cash convertible rewards, or nfts
			ix. Can exchange content with other users
			x. Shares location with other users
			xi. Contains swastikas or other Nazi symbols 
			xii. Contains content that can substatially erod the national identity of the Republic of Korea
			xiii. Advocates acts of terrorism
			xiv. contains realistic descriptions of crimes
			xv. will use ratings obtained directly from a ratings board
		b. Social or Communication? Choose Communication or Social.
			i. communication? 
				1. Does the app share the user's current physical location with other users?
				2. Does the app allow users to purchase digital goods?
				3. Does the app include the ability to block users or user-generated content?
				4. Does the app include ht ability to report users or user-generated content?
				5. Does the app include chat moderation?
				6. Can interaction be limited to friends only?
			2. social?
				1. Is app used to connect people for the purposes of dating or sexual relationships?
				2. Permits public sharing of nudity
				3. Permits sharing real-world graphic violence?
				4. Permits sharing user's current physical location with other users
				5. Allows purchasing digital goods
				6. Includes ability to block users and user -geenrated content
				7. Includes ability to report users or user-generated content?
				8. Includes chat moderation?
				9. Can interaction be limited to friends only?
		c. All other app types
			i. Contains sex, violence, language?
			ii. Allows user content sharing with other users
			iii. Includes online content not included in package
			iv. Promotes age-restricted products like cigarettes or alcohol
			v. Shares user's physical location
			vi. Allows purchasing digital goods
			vii. Includes cash rewards, gift cards, play-to-ear features, cryptocurrency, NFTs?
			viii. Is a browser or search engine?
			ix. Primarily a news or educational product
			